Mark deprecated all mentions of authmanager and webconfig (#199)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/acra-in-depth/architecture/acraserver.md

* Is easy to integrate into existing infrastructure – supports SQL databases, [supports SIEMs](/acra/security-controls/security-logging-and-events/siem-soc-integration/), [supports KMS](/acra/configuring-maintaining/key-storing/kms-integration/).
* Is available as a package for common server Linux distros, available as Docker image. See [Getting started](/acra/getting-started/).

> * Is integrated with [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated after 0.90.0) - a helper tool for re-configuring at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Is integrated with [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated since 0.91.0) - a helper tool for re-configuring at runtime.
```

* [AcraConnector](/acra/security-controls/transport-security/acra-connector) – optional client-side service/daemon that implements transport security and authentication for client application that doesn't support TLS 1.2+.

> * [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated after 0.90.0) — optional lightweight HTTP web server for managing AcraServer's certain configuration options at runtime by clicking rather than updating configuration files manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [AcraWebConfig](/acra/configuring-maintaining/general-configuration/acra-webconfig/) (deprecated since 0.91.0) — optional lightweight HTTP web server for managing AcraServer's certain configuration options at runtime by clicking rather than updating configuration files manually.
```
